I read a book, which is interesting.
It is the same as before.
Although the Daioh is a great country,
Chikuoki is not a fan.
What? It is not a fan.
I read a book, which is interesting.
I read another book, which is interesting.
It is one of the best books in elementary school.
About five people on earth are separated.
There are people from Asia, Europe, Africa,
Asanema, Sukhumi, and Duresuke.
Thieves are among the people of the Choueki.
They are engaged in the art and art society.
They are engaged in the art and art society, but they do not call it a Jyorokai.
They do Jyorokai, but they do not catch fish.
What? They do not catch fish.
The morning emotion rises and falls.
I read a book, which is interesting.
It is difficult to read a book, which is interesting.
I stand in front of a doctor.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Here.
This is interesting.
What? You are a patient.
What is this?
Are you a doctor here?
I am a doctor here.
I see.
Doctor, are you a doctor?
Are you a doctor?
I am not a doctor.
I am a doctor in the financial department.
Where is the financial department?
I am in the financial department.
What are you saying?
I am writing a letter.
What is this?
Do you want to tell the soldiers that you are here?
You are strange.
I will wait for a while.
I will wait.
Doctor.
You are strange.
What?
Are you a patient?
Are you a doctor?
I am not a doctor.
I am just a doctor.
I will wait.